[rain splattering]
c0000001
♪
c0000002
[SERIE] It's been
quite a while, Flamme.
c0000003
♪
c0000004
Bargland, earth control.
c0000005
[Kanne gasps]
c0000006
[rumbling]
c0000007
[DENKEN] I find the young
to be far too hot-blooded.
c0000008
That so-called privilege
is nonsense.
c0000009
[FRIEREN] Really?
What makes you say that?
c0000010
[DENKEN] You of all people
shouldn't have to ask.
c0000011
The pursuit of magic stirs
a far greater joy
c0000012
than any good fortune
a spell could possibly bring.
c0000013
Plain and simple.
c0000014
[FRIEREN]
I see.
c0000015
[SERIE] It feels
as if the march of time
c0000016
has become a sprint.
c0000017
[SERIE] The apprentice
I brought up on a whim
c0000018
has already found
an apprentice of her own.
c0000019
[FLAMME]
Meet Frieren.
c0000020
An elf, huh?
c0000021
Must be strong. I like her.
c0000022
If there is any spell
you so desire,
c0000023
just name it and it is yours.
c0000024
[FRIEREN]
Any spell I desire?
c0000025
Few grimoires have been written
c0000026
that haven't passed
through my hands.
c0000027
As such, their knowledge
is now mine.
c0000028
Work that would take
a lifetime,
c0000029
any spell you want,
c0000030
is yours for the taking
if you so crave.
c0000031
Tell me what you want,
and I shall grant it to you.
c0000032
No, thanks.
c0000033
The pursuit of magic brings
far greater joy
c0000034
than any spell ever could.
c0000035
[SERIE]
Well, Flamme.
c0000036
My initial appraisal was wrong.
c0000037
[SERIE]
There is no fire within her.
c0000038
No blazing ambition.
c0000039
Master, she will someday
defeat the Demon King.
c0000040
If it's peace that
we're truly after,
c0000041
we'll need a mage like her
to clear the way.
c0000042
Are you saying a mage
like me can't?
c0000043
I'm saying the Demon King
c0000044
will never be the trophy
of one who seeks battle.
c0000045
We exist in chaos and fear.
c0000046
Think about it, Master.
c0000047
[FLAMME] Can you even
begin to imagine
c0000048
yourself living
in a world of peace?
c0000049
Frieren is a mage who belongs
to a peaceful era.
c0000050
♪
c0000051
[FRIEREN]
Good answer.
c0000052
Yours is the mindset
all mages should have.
c0000053
♪
c0000054
[footsteps]
c0000055
[LAWINE]
Damn it.
c0000056
No matter what I throw at him,
he won't freeze.
c0000057
The difference between
our mana is too great.
c0000058
Nephtear.
c0000059
[expolsion]
c0000060
[RICHTER]
You'll have to try harder.
c0000061
[gasps]
c0000062
-Kanne!
-I'm already on it!
c0000063
You ladies put on quite
the show earlier.
c0000064
I was right in thinking you
gave away most of your tricks.
c0000065
[shattering]
c0000066
[RICHTER]
One mage with relatively
c0000067
non-lethal ice magic.
c0000068
And one mage
who can't fight without water.
c0000069
[gasps]
c0000070
You're much more of
an annoyance than a threat.
c0000071
[RICHTER] "Babysitting"
was the appropriate term.
c0000072
[rumbling]
c0000073
[LAWINE] You'll change
your tune soon enough.
c0000074
If you keep casting
such flashy spells,
c0000075
you'll be out of mana
in minutes at most.
c0000076
[shattering]
c0000077
[RICHTER] You graduated
from a magic academy, yes?
c0000078
Are the geezers who run
the place
c0000079
still teaching their students
to fight
c0000080
overly defensive battles
of attrition?
c0000081
[KANNE]
What are you talking about?
c0000082
[RICHTER]
You both could use a lesson
c0000083
in the history of magic
c0000084
The defensive spell
we use today
c0000085
was created to combat Zoltraak,
c0000086
and while it is excellent at
defending against magic itself,
c0000087
its effectiveness
against physical objects
c0000088
has hardly increased
since its conception.
c0000089
Naturally, there's a clear
reason why that is the case.
c0000090
[RICHTER] The barrier created
is enough to defend
c0000091
against the physical attacks
of monsters and warriors.
c0000092
Defensive magic
will never succeed
c0000093
if it's over-engineered.
c0000094
If we seek perfection,
technique grows too complex.
c0000095
[RICHTER] This has a fatal
effect on activation time.
c0000096
The history of magic is rooted
in attack and defense.
c0000097
This explains the trend
for modern attack spells
c0000098
to involve controlling matter
over magic.
c0000099
Do you understand
what I'm getting at?
c0000100
[gasps]
c0000101
Move, Kanne!
c0000102
[thuds]
c0000103
[RICHTER] My strategy
is to overwhelm opponents
c0000104
with high-volume
physical attacks.
c0000105
Now, be smart and stay down.
c0000106
Huh?
c0000107
Have I not earned a break?
c0000108
I'm not here to hurt you girls,
c0000109
but that can change if you keep
acting like you want to die.
c0000110
[LAWINE] Should you really be
approaching us so carelessly?
c0000111
60% of the human body
is made up of water, after all.
c0000112
And what good does that do you?
c0000113
[RICHTER] Magic
is the realm of imagination.
c0000114
Can you picture how that
water is distributed
c0000115
throughout a person's body?
c0000116
Can you imagine how you would
draw it out and manipulate it?
c0000117
How you would drive through
the mana that protects me?
c0000118
A mana greater than yours?
c0000119
Spells can only achieve
c0000120
what you can see
in your mind's eye.
c0000121
And besides,
c0000122
even if there was water
within reach,
c0000123
a child like you
is not a threat to me.
c0000124
[LAWINE] Old men like you
take the fun out of everything,
c0000125
bluffing included.
c0000126
But I have figured out
one thing about you.
c0000127
You do think she's a threat.
You're lying.
c0000128
[LAWINE]
If you love fighting as much
c0000129
as your lecture indicates,
c0000130
you wouldn't have weakened
one of your opponents
c0000131
by taking her away from water.
c0000132
You're afraid of something.
c0000133
What do I have to fear?
c0000134
[RICHTER] The only thing
I need to worry about
c0000135
is putting you kids to sleep.
c0000136
[RICHTER] As long as Denken
doesn't lose, that is.
c0000137
♪
c0000138
[DENKEN] At this rate,
our battle will end
c0000139
when she exhausts my mana.
c0000140
This is a bit tough
on my old bones.
c0000141
It's been an honor, Frieren,
but I need to settle this.
c0000142
Quickly.
c0000143
Waldgose.
c0000144
Daosdorg.
c0000145
♪
c0000146
Very subtle.
c0000147
What is that curmudgeon up to?
c0000148
[GENAU] It seems that old man
is not one to hold back.
c0000149
[SENSE] Think the barrier
will survive this?
c0000150
Yes, of course.
c0000151
The great mage
Serie's construction
c0000152
is not a thing that needs
to be questioned.
c0000153
[GENAU] It cannot be destroyed
by brute force.
c0000154
I see. Well, that's good.
c0000155
By the way, since last night,
c0000156
someone has been analyzing
the barrier.
c0000157
[gasping]
c0000158
Why would they do that?
c0000159
[SENSE]
I don't know.
c0000160
[GENAU] In any case,
they're wasting their time.
c0000161
Do you think there's a mage
in this world
c0000162
more powerful than Serie?
c0000163
Huh?!
c0000164
[grunts]
c0000165
[DENKEN]
Catastravia.
c0000166
♪
c0000167
[DENKEN]
A counterattack? Impossible.
c0000168
My arrows of light
were launched
c0000169
in a continuous barrage.
There was no opening!
c0000170
[explosion]
c0000171
[DENKEN] I'm out of mana.
So, this is the end.
c0000172
I don't believe it.
c0000173
She was able to best me
c0000174
using only the most basic
of combat spells.
c0000175
This felt no different from
a training match
c0000176
between a master
and their apprentice.
c0000177
I'm surprised.
c0000178
No matter how far I've come,
c0000179
there is still someone
above me.
c0000180
Tell me where your teammate
Laufen is.
c0000181
And don't pretend
you don't know.
c0000182
I'm going to take back
our Stille.
c0000183
[DENKEN]
If you were in my position,
c0000184
how do you suppose
you would answer that demand?
c0000185
[FRIEREN]
Good point.
c0000186
[thudding]
c0000187
[groaning]
c0000188
Laufen?
c0000189
You've been hiding nearby,
haven't you?
c0000190
[FRIEREN] I need you
to bring me the Stille.
c0000191
If you don't,
I will kill Denken.
c0000192
[DENKEN]
Do not listen to her, Laufen.
c0000193
She doesn't intend to kill me.
c0000194
You can tell that much.
c0000195
[LAUFEN] She's a much
better mage than I am.
c0000196
Even better than Richter.
c0000197
If she can beat the old man,
c0000198
she could pummel the both of us
in an instant.
c0000199
But she's letting
her guard down.
c0000200
She's not maintaining
contact with him.
c0000201
[DENKEN] Whatever you do,
don't use Jilwer.
c0000202
If you move,
our failure is sealed.
c0000203
Release any mana at all,
and she will detect you.
c0000204
[LAUFEN]
From this distance,
c0000205
I can retrieve him quickly
and flee!
c0000206
[DENKEN] Stay where you are.
It's a trap.
c0000207
[FRIEREN]
You leave me no choice.
c0000208
Please know this doesn't
bring me any joy.
c0000209
[Laufen gasps]
c0000210
[FRIEREN]
There you are.
c0000211
[whimpering]
c0000212
[DENKEN]
You fool.
c0000213
[bird chirping]
c0000214
You knew she wouldn't kill me.
c0000215
If you had any experience,
you would have trusted in that.
c0000216
[LAUFEN]
She may not have killed you,
c0000217
but she was obviously going to
hurt you if I didn't come out.
c0000218
[DENKEN]
And when we won,
c0000219
the pain would
soon be forgotten.
c0000220
[sighs]
c0000221
I don't get it.
Why is someone like you
c0000222
so desperate to be
a first-class mage, anyway?
c0000223
You're wealthy and powerful.
c0000224
What could this bring you
that you don't already have?
c0000225
[DENKEN] My homeland
is located out in the depths
c0000226
of the Northern Plateau.
c0000227
With the increase in
demon activity,
c0000228
only first-class mages
can enter the area now.
c0000229
I want to visit a grave
I haven't been to in a while.
c0000230
Plain and simple.
c0000231
Don't you think you should go
help your party members?
c0000232
There's a decent chance
you may already be too late.
c0000233
Richter will surely dispose
of those children
c0000234
before he comes down
to challenge you.
c0000235
He's capable of a harsh
pragmatism
c0000236
that many of us are not.
c0000237
My party will be just fine.
In fact, they will win.
c0000238
[DENKEN]
Huh?
c0000239
[FRIEREN] I just finished
analyzing the barrier.
c0000240
Hmm...
c0000241
[RICHTER] I wasn't expecting
Denken to lose.
c0000242
Sorry, ladies.
c0000243
I suddenly have more
important things to do
c0000244
than babysit.
c0000245
[explosion]
c0000246
[gasping]
c0000247
With his boss down,
he's actually
c0000248
trying to kill us.
c0000249
[LAWINE] I don't think
we'll last a full minute.
c0000250
You're done
"analyzing the barrier?"
c0000251
What does that even mean?
c0000252
[DENKEN] [gasps]
Wait, Frieren.
c0000253
Don't tell me
you're planning to...
c0000254
♪
c0000255
[SENSE]
Genau.
c0000256
It will never fracture.
That much I'm sure of.
c0000257
[GENAU] Not even if the world
were turned upside down.
c0000258
♪
c0000259
Then "never" is here.
c0000260
[shattering]
c0000261
[GENAU]
Sense?
c0000262
I need you to tell me
just who that elf is.
c0000263
[SENSE] According to the list
of test-takers,
c0000264
her name is Frieren.
c0000265
[GENAU]
That's the name of the mage
c0000266
who traveled with the party
of Heroes.
c0000267
[SENSE]
Not only that,
c0000268
but she was carrying
a holy emblem with her.
c0000269
[GENAU] The last
great mage is before us.
c0000270
[SERIE]
Now you've done it, Frieren.
c0000271
It's been a thousand years,
and this is how you say hello?
c0000272
You've reminded me
why I will never retire.
c0000273
For in the world of magic,
c0000274
creation itself can be
turned upside down.
c0000275
[DENKEN]
I didn't take you for the type
c0000276
to break the games
you cannot win.
c0000277
Why'd you destroy the barrier?
c0000278
[FRIEREN] Largely because
I felt sorry for Kanne.
c0000279
Everyone should have access
to their magic.
c0000280
[DENKEN] She's the young mage
who manipulates water, yes?
c0000281
Magic's the realm
of imagination.
c0000282
[FRIEREN]
Can you picture a world
c0000283
in which you'd win a fight
against a mage
c0000284
who can control the rain?
[rain splattering]
c0000285
I know that I, for one,
surely cannot.
c0000286
[FRIEREN] And I doubt your
friend Richter can, either.
c0000287
The barrier's down.
c0000288
[RICHTER]
What happened?
c0000289
[KANNE]
It's raining.
c0000290
[RICHTER] No. This is not the
time to assess the situation.
c0000291
I must finish them off imme--
c0000292
After all that talk,
you gave us an opening.
c0000293
[LAWINE] Your panic
is disrupting your mana.
c0000294
[RICHTER] You've only
bought yourselves time!
c0000295
[gasping]
c0000296
[LAWINE]
Now it makes sense.
c0000297
I understand the reason
you were too scared
c0000298
to fight us by the water.
c0000299
[LAWINE]
This is the perfect example
c0000300
of the high-volume
physical attacks
c0000301
you mentioned being hard
to defend against.
c0000302
Lawine, don't let him escape.
c0000303
Reamstroha!
c0000304
[RICHTER] You realize there's
nowhere for me to escape to.
c0000305
This is exactly
why I hate the water.
c0000306
[water crashing]
c0000307
[water burbling]
c0000308
You claimed the victory, then.
c0000309
Let's move before we rejoice.
c0000310
We have two hours until sunset.
c0000311
Conceal your mana until then.
c0000312
Yeah, I don't have
any mana left to conceal.
c0000313
I see. Great work, you two.
c0000314
[laughs]
c0000315
Don't pat me.
c0000316
[RICHTER]
Sorry.
c0000317
[DENKEN]
It was inevitable.
c0000318
[RICHTER] Denken and I are
both completely out of mana.
c0000319
There are only two hours left,
c0000320
which means we're as good
as finished.
c0000321
Hmm.
c0000322
[DENKEN] Laufen.
Can you dispel the binding?
c0000323
[LAUFEN]
You have to be kidding.
c0000324
There's enough mana here
to hold back a dragon.
c0000325
[DENKEN]
Let's get creative, then.
c0000326
Fell the tree.
c0000327
♪
c0000328
[tree crashing]
c0000329
[sighs]
c0000330
[RICHTER] Denken.
There's nothing we can do.
c0000331
I'm running so low on mana
c0000332
that it's safe to say using
Jilwer is out of the question.
c0000333
[DENKEN]
Come, now. Both of you.
c0000334
What do you suppose
an imperial mage would do
c0000335
in a situation like this?
c0000336
No matter how ugly it may be,
we fight until the end.
c0000337
Let's see if we can pick up
on the trails of other parties
c0000338
and track them down.
c0000339
So, Fern, are you aware
of how deeply boring you are?
c0000340
I've only ever seen you cast
the most basic of spells.
c0000341
You should take your complaints
to Mistress Frieren.
c0000342
It's so strange to me
that mysterious elf lady
c0000343
is your master.
c0000344
[UBEL]
Speaking of, it's her fault
c0000345
we're soaking wet right now.
c0000346
Make sure that you give her
an earful.
c0000347
[FERN]
Trust me, I intend to.
c0000348
And I have cast
interesting spells.
c0000349
She only limits my combat.
c0000350
Oh, yeah, that bird-catching
spell you used
c0000351
is actually impressive.
c0000352
What other exciting stuff
are you sitting on?
c0000353
Well, um...
c0000354
I have a spell that allows you
to see through clothes.
c0000355
[FERN]
I am not going to cast it.
c0000356
Wise decision.
c0000357
While I hate to interrupt
pleasant conversation,
c0000358
perhaps we shouldn't reveal
too many
c0000359
of our tricks just yet.
c0000360
[LAND]
From the second test onward,
c0000361
we'll be competing
against one another.
c0000362
Mm. You make a good point.
c0000363
[UBEL] [chuckling]
I'm sorry.
c0000364
Teamwork's
not your strong suit,
c0000365
but you could've opened up
to us a little bit, four-eyes.
c0000366
[DENKEN]
There they are.
c0000367
That must be the party
that fled.
c0000368
The corpse of their third
member is just up the road.
c0000369
Even though there's no way
for them to pass the exam,
c0000370
they're holding tight
to their Stille all the same.
c0000371
Well, should we try to
negotiate with them, then?
c0000372
[DENKEN]
They wouldn't cooperate.
c0000373
If I were in their position,
nothing would sway me.
c0000374
I'd refuse even money.
c0000375
[LAUFEN]
Why's that?
c0000376
[DENKEN] Because
it wouldn't sit right with me.
c0000377
Those men are past
the point of logic.
c0000378
[RICHTER]
Mm.
c0000379
[DENKEN]
You will wait here, Laufen.
c0000380
If you see an opportunity,
take their Stille.
c0000381
Richter, you come with me.
c0000382
But what is our plan?
c0000383
Huh?
c0000384
Approaching them
head-on won't work.
c0000385
Both of us are fully depleted
of mana.
c0000386
[DENKEN]
Use your head for a moment.
c0000387
They are clearly
in the same boat.
c0000388
Prepare yourself.
c0000389
[clothes rustling]
c0000390
We're all men here,
are we not?
c0000391
Come on. You're joking.
c0000392
[DENKEN] We will
settle this with our fists!
c0000393
♪
c0000394
[GENAU]
It is time.
c0000395
Now that the sun has set,
c0000396
the first test
is officially over.
c0000397
Six parties
and eighteen individuals remain
c0000398
and will move
to the next trial.
c0000399
The second test will take place
in three days.
c0000400
You will be informed
of the details later.
c0000401
That is all. You're dismissed.
c0000402
[STARK]
It's only been two days
c0000403
since they headed off
for the exam.
c0000404
I can stay up as late
as I want,
c0000405
and Fern isn't around
to get mad at me.
c0000406
I'm so happy that
it's almost frightening.
c0000407
[MALE BARTENDER 21A]
Bless you, buddy.
c0000408
Sounds like
you've been through it.
c0000409
-[LAUFEN] I'm not sharing.
-Don't talk about that.
c0000410
[KANNE] You're even
more spoiled than me.
c0000411
[DENKEN] You must eat
your vegetables, too.
c0000412
[RICHTER] We're no longer
party members.
c0000413
[LAWINE]
Past allies are future enemies.